# B"H


I have a very important task for you. 

## Task Intro

Review `.sandbox/deep-research-02/08-connections.ipynb` in-depth.
Review https://holoviews.org/gallery/demos/bokeh/nyc_airport_connections.html in-depth!

## Your Task

Right now the `.sandbox/deep-research-02/08-connections.ipynb` file is only plotting the sample NYC Connections data. 

I need it to plot **our data**. I already load the dataframe for you to get started: `df = pd.read_json(TAGS_COMPONENTS_CATEGORIES_TOP_N_FILE)` etc.

I need you to plot the Tag Data!

## Important Notes about the Data

There are 6 dataframe columns:
- 'tag_id' - this is the new unique pk-id for the tag
- 'tag'
- 'component_id' - this is the new unique pk-id for the component
- 'component'
- 'category_id' - this is the new unique pk-id for the category
- 'category'

There is a one-to-many relationship between category_id and component_id.

There is a many-to-many relationship between component_id and tag_id.

The tag_id should not tie to the category_id directly; rather the tag_id should first connect to the component_id, which then connects to the category_id.

## Important Note

After making the changes to `.sandbox/deep-research-02/08-connections.ipynb` make sure the changes work by running ALL the cells! There is no exception!

## Final Notes

Use your best judgement on this task! Be rational, use common sense!

Keep things super simple! Keep thing as simple as possible! Do NOT over-engineer it! no fluff! 

Do NOT stop until you are finished the job - this absolutely necessary! 
      
ultrathink on this task! This is a super crucial task!